Scarcity = the limited nature of society's resources
Economics = the study of how the society manages its scarce resources
Ten Principles of Economics:
	1. People face tradeoffs
	2. The cost of something is what you give up to get it
	3. Rational people think at the margin
	4. People respond to incentives
	5. Trade can make everyone better off
	6. Markets are usually a good way to organise economic activity
	7. Governments can sometimes improve market outcomes
	8. A country's standard of living depends on its ability to produce goods and services
	9. Prices rise when the government prints too much money
	10. Society faces a short-run tradeoff between inflation and unemployment
Efficiency = the property of society getting the most it can from its scarce resources
Equity = the property of distributing economic prosperity fairly among the members of society
Oppurtunity Cost = whatever must be given up to obtain some item
Marginal Change = a small incremental adjustment to a plan of action
Central Planning - only the government could organise economic activity in a way that promoted economic well-beling for the country as a whole
Market economy = an economy that allocates resources through the decentralised decisions of many firms and households as they interact in markets for goods and services
"Households and firms interacting in markets act as if they are guided by an 'invisibile hand' that leads them to desirable market outcomes." - Adam Smith
Market Failure = a situation in which a market left on its own fails to allocate resources efficiently
Externality = the impact of one person's actions on the well-being of a bystander
Market Power = ability of a single person (or a small group of people) to unduly influence market prices
Productivity = the amount of goods and services produced from each hour of a worker's time
Budget deficit = Excess of spending over revenue
Inflation = an increase in the overall level of prices in the economy
Phillips curve = a curve that shows the short-run tradeoff between inflation and unemployment
