Market = a group of buyers and sellers of a particular good or service
Competitive Market = a market in which there are many buyers and many sellers so that each has a negligible impact on the market price
Monopoly = a market with only one seller
Oligopoly = a market with a few sellers that do not always compete aggresively
Monopolistically Competitive Market = a market with many sellers, each offering a slightly different product, hence being able to set the price for its own product
Perfectly Competitive Market
	1. Goods being offered for sale are all the same
	2. Buyers and sellers are so numerous that no single buyer or seller can influence the market price
Quantity Demanded = the amount of a good that buyers are willing and able to purchase
Law of Demand = the claim that, other things equal, the quantity demanded of a good falls when the price of the good rises
Normal Good = a good for which, other things equal, an increase in income leads to an increase in demand
Inferior Good = a good for which, other things equal, an increase in income leads to a decrease in demand
Substitutes = two goods fow which an increase in the price of one leads to an increase in the demand for the other
Complements = two goods for which an increase in the price of one leads to a decrease in the demand for the other
Demand Schedule = a table that shows the relationship between the price of a good and the quantity demanded
Demand Curve = a graph of the relationship between the price of a good and the quantity demanded
"Ceteris Paribus" = a Latin phrase, translated as 'other things being equal,' used as a reminder that all variables other than the ones being studied are assumed to be constant
Determinants of Demand Curve Shifts
	1. Income
	2. Prices of related goods
	3. Tastes
	4. Expectations
	5. Number of buyers
Quantity Supplied = the amont of a good that sellers are willing and able to sell
Law of Supply = the claim that, other things equal, the quantity supplied of a good rises when the price of the good rises
Supply Schedule = a table that shows the relationship between the price of a good and the quantity supplied
Supply Curve = a graph of the relationship between the price of a good and the quantity supplied
Determinants of Supply Curve Shifts
	1. Input prices
	2. Technology
	3. Expectations
	4. Number of sellers
Equilibrium = a situation in which supply and demand have been brought into balance
Equilibrium Price = the price that balances supply and demand
Equilibrium Quantity = the quantity supplied and the quantity demanded when the price has adjusted to balance supply and demand
Surplus = a situation in which quantity supplied is greater than quantity demanded
Shortage = a situation in which quantity demanded is greater than quantity supplied
Law of Supply and Demand = the claim that the price of any good adjusts to bring the supply and demand for that good into balance